fixes compilation instructions (#1)
rileytestut/Clip: README.md

1. Clone the repository 
	``` 
	git clone https://github.com/rileytestut/Clip.git
	```
2. Update submodules: 
	```
	cd Clip 
	git submodule update --init --recursive
	```

> 3. Open `Clip.xcodeproj` and select the Clip project in the project navigator. On the `Signing & Capabilities` tab, change the team from `Yvette Testut` to your own account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open `Clip.xcodeproj` and select the Clip project in the project navigator. On the `Signing & Capabilities` tab, change the team from `Unknown Name (6XVY5G3U44)` to your own account.
```

> 4. Build + run app! 🎉

Reviewer: At least if you have a developer account, you need to change the bundle IDs for Clip, ClipBoard, and ClipboardReader, remove the `group.com.rileytestut.Clip` App Group, and add back your own. I also changed the group names in `ALTAppGroups` in the `Info.plist`s but that may not be necessary.

Reviewer 2: For any future readers, I found changing the group names in the `ALTAppGroups` necessary – when not doing so, you're going to get group-related issues when the Database is initialized on application startup, akin to:
```
DatabaseManager.swift:42: Fatal error: Unexpectedly found nil while unwrapping an Optional value
```

Reviewer 3: Even after updating the ALTAppGroups, I am still getting the same error:

<img width="780" alt="image" src="https://github.com/rileytestut/Clip/assets/34964694/93559515-b303-4902-9cd6-57cdaf486641">
<img width="747" alt="image" src="https://github.com/rileytestut/Clip/assets/34964694/06695842-dd4e-42cb-b95e-ddf6c019cb8c">
<img width="528" alt="image" src="https://github.com/rileytestut/Clip/assets/34964694/6be082ac-9b6b-43d1-a8b4-a38790d0e961">
<img width="527" alt="image" src="https://github.com/rileytestut/Clip/assets/34964694/bb575d06-a585-4b84-9678-95ec8588a2a0">
